Topic 1: someone, post, friend, safe, regret, else, acquaintance, upset, embarrassed, don’t, want, personal, herself, himself, seen, back, posted, private, bullied, people, group.

Exemplar sentences in Topic 1:

“someone was bullying someone else about their weight”

“A posting about an extra marital affair was embarrassing for someone I once knew in the past”

"know someone who posted something that ended up ruining their relationship"

"Yes. Someone posted a picture of me without my permission. The picture was not an explicit picture, but I still didn't appreciate the person posting it without me knowing."

"Family member posted pictures of herself and her 'boytoy' while her husband was out of the Country on business. She announced a divorce and then wanted to stay married. Many family members were upset and embarrassed by the exposure of such personal matters."


Topic 2: left, never, post, stay, deleted, go,back, regretted, embarrass, quit, drama, stand, I, we, private, intrusive, comment, relationship, shared, no

What is a one-word or short phrase for the underlying topic?

Exemplar sentences in Topic 2:

"Okay I posted something about my relationship that I later regretted. Relationship problems or non-problems should be kept within the relationship I hate facebook for that."

"Deleted my account over some silly drama. I left because I couldnt stand it any more. I posted some stupid things and my friends started over that. After that there was not point to stay."

"posted some silly stuff about another person who used to be my friend. I was harsh in my comment so i deleted it"

"I posted about my ex and it totally blew up. I just left facebook after that and i will never go back again."

"After we informed our church family that I was pregnant with my first child we informed my mother in law that she could "tell who you want", we meant within the church, instead she posted it to Facebook. Instead of having the joy of calling out of town family and sharing the news, we were cheated of that and in return had some of those family called US asking why we didn't share the information with them. We were upset and my mother in law greatly regretted posting it. We not [sic] have a standard "don't post about us unless you ask" policy."

What is a one-word or short phrase for the underlying topic?